{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1-Personal Info- - Pancham Kumar - Software Developer - My name is Pancham Kumar. I am a passionate and self-motivated software developer with a strong problem-solving mindset. I enjoy learning new technologies and applying them to build innovative solutions. My primary expertise lies in JavaScript and I work on both frontend and backend development. I\'92m always looking for opportunities to enhance my skills and contribute to impactful projects. -pancham8256@gmail.com -6395129477 -Behind R.V.I.C Block Colong Khair Aligarh UP 202138 -@https://www.linkedin.com/in/pancham-5b1816251/ ,@https://github.com/PanchamKumarr  -resume-@https://drive.google.com/file/d/10MV_8_n68oHgpr08Q36otJWxenppMtJS/view?usp=sharing  2 Projects Project Name: Glizzet - Movie Trailer Streaming App Description: A cross-platform mobile application for discovering movies and streaming trailers. Integrated with TMDB API for fetching movie data and YouTube Player for video playback. Includes user authentication and real-time synchronization of user profiles. Technologies/Tools Used: Flutter, Firebase Auth, Cloud Firestore, TMDB API, YouTube Player API Your Role in the Project:  Developed the Flutter UI for cross-platform compatibility  Integrated Firebase for secure login/signup functionality  Set up Firestore for storing and syncing user data  Connected to TMDB API and integrated YouTube Player for trailer streaming Live Demo Link: Not Available GitHub Repository Link: https://github.com/PanchamKumarr/Glizzet  Project Name: Trail-Utopia - Pathfinding Algorithm Visualizer Description: An interactive visualization tool for exploring pathfinding algorithms on both weighted and unweighted graphs. Supports multiple algorithms like Dijkstra, A*, BFS, DFS, etc., with real-time animation. Technologies/Tools Used: JavaScript, Node.js, HTML, CSS, Heroku Your Role in the Project:  Implemented core pathfinding algorithms  Developed real-time visualizations of algorithm steps  Designed the frontend interface  Deployed the app on Heroku for public access Live Demo Link: Not Available GitHub Repository Link: https://github.com/PanchamKumarr/Graph_Visual  Project Name: Weather Dashboard Description: A full-stack weather application providing real-time weather data and 5-day forecasts using the OpenWeather API. Features a modern UI and secure backend services. Technologies/Tools Used: React.js, TypeScript, Tailwind CSS, Express.js, OpenWeather API, GitHub Pages, Render Your Role in the Project:  Built the frontend using React and TypeScript  Created backend API with Express.js and managed API keys securely  Styled responsive UI using Tailwind CSS  Deployed frontend and backend with proper integration and CORS handling Live Demo Link: Not Available GitHub Repository Link: https://github.com/PanchamKumarr/weather_dashboard  Project Name: Searching & Sorting Algorithm Visualizer Description: A web-based educational tool to visualize the working of popular searching and sorting algorithms through smooth real-time animations. Technologies/Tools Used: JavaScript, HTML, CSS Your Role in the Project:  Implemented various algorithms including Bubble Sort, Quick Sort, Merge Sort, Binary and Linear Search  Built animation logic and interaction controls  Designed the UI and ensured responsiveness across devices Live Demo Link: Not Available GitHub Repository Link: https://github.com/PanchamKumarr/Algorithm-Visualizer    skills SKILLS \'95 Programming Languages: C++, Java, Swift, Python, JavaScript , R, Kotlin \'95 CS Fundamentals: Data Structures, Algorithms, DBMS, OS, CN, OOP \'95 API Development & Integration: OpenAI API, REST APIs, JSON \'95 Web & App Development: MERN Stack (MongoDB, Express.js, React.js, Node.js), Flutter, KMP \'95 Tools & Platforms: Git, Docker, Tableau, PowerBI Education Lovely Professional University, Punjab Aug 2022\'96Jun 2026 Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science and Engineering CGPA: 7 . 8 3 / 1 0 2022-2026\
Gurukul Kurukshetra 84%,2020-2022,Haryana\
Gurukul Public School 79%,2018-2020,UttarPradesh\
WORK EXPERIENCE Problem Setter, HackerEarth Dec 2024\'96Jan 2025 \'95 Designed 50+ algorithmic problems with optimized solutions in C++, ensuring well-structured problem statements and robust test cases. \'95 Focused on data structures, graph traversal, and dynamic programming, improving problem accuracy and difficulty scaling. Teaching Assistant, Coding Blocks Sept 2024\'96Oct 2024 \'95 Mentored 25+ students in algorithmic problem-solving with C++, enhancing their logical thinking and coding proficiency. \'95 Assisted in debugging C++ code, optimizing runtime efficiency, and improving students\'92 problem-solving approaches. 7 certifications 1-Data Analysis with Tableau an online non-credit course authorized by Tableau Learning Partner  2-Supervised Machine Learning: Regression and Classification an online non-credit course authorized by DeepLearning.AI and Stanford University  3-The Bits and Bytes of Computer Networking an online non-credit course authorized by Google   as for all the images of projects and certificates and my image i have created a folder named image in the project folder there you will find them i have named ythem appropriately you will understand it}